nov.20.2017

cycle de vie d'un bug
diff rsoulutions:
1) issue has been fixed
fixed : the devlper fixed it

2) issue will not be fixed 
->duplicate : exits already 
->cannot reproduce : the devlper could not reproduce it 
  - mal expliquer cmmt le bug arrivait
  - bug corriger par un effect de bord d'un autre bug
->not a defect/rejected
  -c comme ca que ca marche
->will not fix
  -on a d'autres priorite ou on sait qu'on arrivra pas
Base de bug: base de donne ds laquelle on met les bugs

Rapport de bug:
glpi
excl
Jira
mantis
Devtrack
Bugzilla

strategie et org d'equipe et recherche de bug:
Comment tester un logiciel? Comment s'organiser?
-> le nb bug est infini
-> a To, un instant donne, on a k bugs donc on a infini - k bugs

origine des nveaux bugs:
-> manque de communication
-> ajout de codes depuis la derniere fois
-> on a fait plus de tests 

nov.27.2017
Processus de tests:
L'exemple de James Bach

Exploratory testing used to be called Ad hoc and despised for being 
less structed that other reagular approches.
Positive testing: Do what the softw is made for. Thoriughly. It is the first and most important step of testing software

But then what iis the negative test?
Error message should be planded for and swon at the right mmt.

Negative testing: trying to produce unwanted results whitin the software.
for exemple to purchase an item whithout using a credit card.

White box teting: You know in detail how the appli is supposed to work. 

Black box teting: you know nothing

benefits of white and black testing?
Stress teting : overload the software with too many input, or rapid interaction
Generally goof to spot mistakes in UI handling and/or memory leaks

Soak testing: Let appli run for a long time
Monkey test: negative/stress testing

Boundary testing: overflow some variable or make them reach impossible value
Interuption testing testing the behevior of the software when interrupted by other sodtware/OS-ralted features 
Crucial on mobile apps

Smoke teting: is not teting perse or hunt mistakes but establish a safe ground




